detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime drama film called
spring breakers spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
candy brit and connie are college girls
who love to party
drink and do drugs for them it's all
about having fun that even in class
they discreetly talk about the things
they want to do instead of focusing on
the professor's lecture
meanwhile their other friend faith likes
attending religious youth groups
one day after her youth group session
faith talks to her other two friends
vessen forrest about going to florida
they ask faith who she's going with and
when faith tells them that she's going
with candy
brit and cottie bess warns her to be
careful
faith asks them why and they retort that
those girls are scary
especially britain candy they say that
those two are just so cold and that they
act like they have demon blood in their
system
forrest even goes as far as to call them
evil adding that they give her
goosebumps
but faith disagrees with them she's
known those girls since kindergarten and
she thinks that they're sweet
forrest however begs to differ saying
that candy and brit don't seem right
the two girls tease faith about praying
in florida since she's going to be with
them
once she's in her dorm room faith
contemplates bess and forrest's advice
at another party candy brit and connie
drink and smoke once again
the following morning the three girls go
to faith's dorm
wasted and barefooted then wake up faith
to ask for her money
being the good friend that she is faith
gives them what she has
on the bathroom floor the four girls
count their cash and learn that they
only have 325
they are all disappointed that they are
short on money so faith offers them her
remaining
20 but the other three girls won't let
her
faith says that she's so tired of seeing
the same things every day and that
everyone in there is miserable because
they keep seeing the same things and
waking up in the same bed
in the same house she says she doesn't
want to be like those miserable people
and that she wants to get out of there
for her it's more than just spring break
it's a chance for them to see something
different
the girls continue talking about how
everyone has already left while they're
still stuck there
feeling hopeless they say they've been
saving that money since the beginning of
the year
but brit assures them that they'll
figure out how to get more
when faith asks brit how she's planning
to do that brit says she doesn't know
but what she does know is that she won't
sit there another day and they won't be
miserable anymore
one day candy and brit talk to cottie
asking her if they can borrow her car
cotty says no since it's in the shop
then asks them why they need her car
candy doesn't answer her and instead she
asks if she knows anyone who has a car
that they can use
katie accuses them of being shady then
adds that everyone is pretty much gone
as the three of them smoke and do drugs
candy asks cotty if she knows where
their professor stevens hides his car
luckily connie knows where he hides his
key and she tries to ask them what
they're up to
still candy only assures her not to
worry after getting high
the three girls remind each other to act
like how people in movies do and not be
scared before stealing their professor's
car
with ski masks over their heads a hammer
and realistic toy guns
candy and brit rob a small restaurant
while cotty stays behind the wheels in
case they need to escape quickly
as cody slowly drives around the
restaurant she sees candy and brit smash
plates and threaten the customers
after robbing the place candy and brit
come out and the three of them speed
away
screaming at the top of their lungs and
cheering before they finally dump the
car and burn it
back at the dorm faith asks candy brit
and cotty where they got that huge
amount of money
and candy confesses that they rob the
chicken shack with squirt guns
the three girls are so proud of what
they did but faith is a little reluctant
and uncomfortable with it
eventually they're able to get faith to
celebrate and smoke with them
in florida the four girls have fun by
going to beach parties
smoking drinking and riding scooters
faith calls her grandmother and tells
her all about their spring break
adventure
saying she can't believe how many
friends they've made faith says everyone
is so sweet and friendly and that it
feels good to get a break from reality
for a little while
faith tells her grandmother that she
wants to remember that trip and that she
wants to go back there with her the
following year
after attending a party the girls go
back to their hotel using their scooters
faith candy and brit swim in the pool
and talk about how they don't want to go
back while katie parties and drinks with
multiple guys
in the pool faith tells the girls that
it would be really cool if they could
freeze life
and they agree with her meanwhile cotty
continues partying with men and gets so
drunk that she removes her bikini top
just to tease them
faith calls her grandmother again to
tell her what they're doing then she
calls her mom next
apologizing for not informing her that
she's coming to florida
at the party everything goes crazy and
cody starts making
out with one of the guys after all that
the girls go to a convenience store to
continue their drinking and playing
around
candy brit and cotty then recall the
night of the robbery
describing to faith in detail what
exactly they did
this makes her uncomfortable especially
with their crude demonstrations of what
they did
faith however remains quiet about it the
next day
they continue partying and the girls
keep having the time of their lives
what may look like complete debauchery
to some is simply good fun for them
to faith she might have even found
herself there amidst the loud music
the dancing touching and cheering people
and all that ecstatic blur
things take a sharp turn however when
the cops bust one of their house parties
faith keeps thinking that things weren't
supposed to be that way yet she and her
friends were all coughed and detained in
a cell
still in their bikinis the fun's gone
and they all spend the night there
after waiting in jail the girls finally
stand in front of a judge and are told
that they won't be charged with
narcotics possession since no drugs were
actually found on them
instead they'll be issued with citations
and they have to pay their fines else
they'll spend two more days in county
jail
brit tries reasoning with the judge
saying that they don't have any money
but the judge simply tells them to find
a way sitting at the back of the
courtroom is alien
a rapper who was at the first party they
attended he smiles at the site and
decides to bail them out
alien picks them up as soon as they get
out and introduces himself to them
saying that everyone can use some
bailing out once in a while
the girls don't respond but alien
ignores their seeming disinterest and
continues his sweet talking
asking them to ride with him when brit
asks where they're going
he says they can go wherever the girls
want cotty is the first one to get in
his car
and the others follow alien asks the
girls if they've ever been arrested for
anything before
and they tell him no he teases them
asking if they use drugs at the party
and they claim that they did a little
coke this excites alien
and he asks them if they met the twins
at the party but he then warns them to
watch out for the two
noticing that faith isn't saying
anything alien asks for her name
and when she tells him alien inquires if
that means she has faith and believes in
god faith says yes
prompting alien to keep asking her if
she likes to pray and if she prayed for
her friends on that trip
faith turns quiet again and alien
proposes that he may be the answer to
her prayers since he was there when they
were in trouble
alien doesn't stop talking and starts
teasing them again
but about running out of cash this time
he tells the girls not to worry since he
has a lot of money before assuring them
that they'll be getting plenty too
alien then starts telling the girls his
story saying he grew up in that
neighborhood
when cotty asks what he does for a
living alien answers that he's a hustler
meaning he's a drug and arms dealer and
a rapper he claims that many people know
him and that he's done a lot of illegal
activities around
the girls and alien are playing
billiards with his friends when suddenly
faith gets emotional she bursts into
tears telling her friends that she
doesn't feel comfortable being around
those kinds of people and that she wants
to go home
the girls try to calm her down but she
continues to cry
saying that going to jail and getting
bailed out by a stranger isn't what she
signed up for
alien talks to her alone to ask her
what's wrong faith says she wants to go
home and that she doesn't want to be
there
adding that this isn't the reason why
they came to florida one alien asks her
what the reason is
faith replies that she resents where
they came from so she thought that by
being in florida
they'd be free alien proceeds to ask her
about what kind of fun she wants to have
and she simply tells him not going to
jail but then
he reminds faith that it was he who got
them out of jail
still faith remains wary of aliens
motives and tells him that he should
leave them alone
alien insists that he's just being nice
to them confessing that he likes her
but she can go home if she wants to
however alien warns her that she'll just
be back where she started if she goes
home
for the last time faith stresses that
she wants to go home
an alien tells her that she can but her
friends are staying with him
after their conversation faith begs her
friends to go home with her
admitting that she has a feeling that
something bad is about to happen
ignoring her pleas her friends just
tease her and ask her to stay
faith however is adamant about leaving
so she goes back home alone
candy brite and cotty stay behind and
alien charms them effortlessly
alien takes them to his house where the
girls see all of his guns and money
he then brings them to a strip club
owned by big arch who
according to alien used to be his best
friend alien says big arch and his men
are the real deal
even describing them as murderers in the
club big arch confronts alien
saying he's got some nerve to be coming
to his turf alien calmly tells big arch
that he's only having fun
and they start to recall that one time
when they went to the ocean
alien says he taught him how to swim and
big arch curly replies that he taught
alien everything he knows
the smile disappears from alien's face
and he tells him that he's not denying
it
still big arch is pissed at him
commenting about how alien thinks he's a
boss now just because he has his own
operation
alien asks his old friend if he'd rather
he stay in his shadow forever
but big arch tells him up front that he
wants him to disappear
alien says he can handle anything since
big arch made him but big arch replies
that just like he made alien
he'll break him back at alien's house
the man flaunts his guns to candy and
brit while the two are preparing their
drugs
katie is asleep but that doesn't stop
candy and brit from having fun
seeing that the girls are enjoying
themselves alien asks them if they like
his stuff
and they say yes he then takes out a lot
of cash and gives it to them before
making out with the two
as alien and brit kiss candy takes one
of his guns
and when alien sees it he warns candy to
be careful since it's loaded
just like her friend brit also takes a
gun and points it at alien
the girls now have two guns pointed at
him and they order him to get down on
his knees
alien complies and the girls ask him if
he thinks he can just own them
they tell him to open his mouth and when
he does brit puts the barrel of her gun
deep inside his mouth
candy then says that since they have
everything they need in that house
they don't need him anymore and they
could just kill him thinking that
they're just playing around
alien toys with a gun using his mouth
and tells the girls that he just fell in
love with them
alien sweet talks brit and candy once
again crooning about how different they
are from the others and that he knew
they were special from the moment he saw
them
he says he wants to make them happy and
help them live life to the fullest
alien then gives the three girls pink
ski masks and arms them with shotguns
before leaving the house they see alien
playing the piano so they ask him to
play something inspiring for them
alien obliges and the girls start
singing along with him
with the girl's help alien commits armed
robberies
his acts have flown straight to big
arch's radar and he says alien is taking
away his daughter's food and needs
with that big arch tells his men that
they need to do something about it
alien picks up the girls after a gig and
while in the car
brit gives alien the cash they've
collected as alien drives
big arch and one of his goons suddenly
show up to block his path
alien asks big arch if he's following
him but he doesn't answer the question
seeing that candy brit and cotty are all
looking at him
big arch threatens them asking them if
they want to die
he then tells alien that he's been
looking for him then asks him if he's
been hiding
he warns alien to stay away from his
streets even talking about how he should
kill him
but then vig arch says that he should
just shoot alien in the face
just like that he speeds away as his
companion showers alien and girls with a
rain of bullets
they all duck but cotty gets hit in the
arm alien takes out the bullet from
cotty's arm
apologizing for what happened he
promises katie that they will get their
revenge on big arch
but cody tells them that she wants to go
home candy and brit couldn't stop cotty
from going home
and the two of them stay behind alien
candy
and brit hook up in the pool and when
they have finally decided to get back at
big arch
the three of them admit to each other
that they're scared
sometime in the future brick calls her
mom and tells her that she wants to be
better at school and life
britt says she feels changed for some
reason and that she wants to be a good
girl from that moment on
candy calls her mom too she lets her
know that she's had so much fun during
their spring break and that she's coming
home
promising that she's going to do better
than before back to the present
alien candy and brit ride a speedboat to
big arches mansion
with their pink ski masks on and their
guns on hand the girls follow alien as
he enters big arches property
his men however spot them immediately
and they shoot them
instantly killing alien candy and brit
leave him
and as they continue their way inside
the place they start gunning down
everyone they see
they find big arch in his bathtub and
without mercy
they shoot him using one of big arch's
cars the two girls head back home
later on candy and brit are seen kissing
aliens dead body
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching